Hi And thanks for purchase this package.
This is a modular suite of objects which you can find everything you need to build your own sci-fi level now in Unity 5 with PBR textures.
Halls, warehouses, laboratories, animated doors, machinery ..
The only limitation is your imagination.
In this package you will find:
- 511 different objects
- 670 Prefavs
- Over 150 original textures.
- 23 sound effects.
In this Pbr version, i used the unity standar material (metalness). The old textures have been created with shader forge
Now you can use the Albedo map, AmbientOclission map, height map (in some object), Normal map, Metalness & emissive maps. You still have the old textures.
Objetc:
In this package you will find all this differents models:

Floors: 129

Hologrmas: 45

Colliders:82

Doors: 7

Arcs: 12

Cealings: 9

Walls: 118

  Doors walls:14
  Special Walls: 19
  Walls: 85
  Wall elemets:
      top:27
      middle:30
      botton:3
      Separate elemets:10

Objects:
  
   Consoles: 13
   Fences: 2
   Lights: 11
   Mechanics:33
   Ornaments: 25
   Stairs: 11
   Vents: 5
   Wires: 9
   
**// Some people are getting some erros in the console when they import the scenes. If this happens try to re import the "character" & "image effects" assets. 

**// Sadly some objects doesn't have a correct axis aling. The problem is that if i fixed it, all the people that build his own scenes, will have to modify their scenes and that is a lot of work.

You can change the floor_X and panel_X material of the prop_Planes objects to get more possibilities in your scene.

(update 1.7)--> Created one atlas material with the floor_x & panels_x material to optimized the draw calls.

Script:
You can find too cool effects like footstepSound, light flickering, offsetanimation, Random and normal rotation. (script)



- I have to say thanks to "Molten Metal Studios" for the script: LightFlikering.
You can see how it's works in this url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJ1hYx8Xspc&src_vid=_EYShV3QbP4&feature=iv&annotation_id=annotation_2868065977

-The offset animatimation script it's used in the sampler tank objects. It change the start of the animation of each object.

-With Rotate_Animation script, you can rotate objects in their axis. And you can change the velocity of the retation.

-RandRotation_Anim, create a random rotation animation of the object. (in the scene ti has a big cost in the FPS)

-FpsContoller, is the alternative to the FirstPersonController script in your controller. It allow you to ladder the vertical tunnes of the 1.7 scene.

Shaders:
The Br shader was created in shaderforge especially for this package.
You can find 4 diferents types of material:
Metal (Alpha Emilive Relflexion Shader, Emisive Rlefelxión shader and reflexión shader)
Glass
Hologram (Emmisive Holo shader and Emmisive Holo 2 shader)
Base.

Update 1.6

Variations for wall_02 (24) & wall_03 (56)
Added 27 prefabs of new objetc to commplement the walls variations.
Added  more decorations objects like: 
 wires 
 pipes 
 screens 
 news particles 
 lights
 extinguisher
 Floors
Added new Alarms Soundeffects
Added new textures for the new objects.
Added more legos prefabs to create your level in a easy way.
Added more prefabs with new floors.
Optimiced the geometry of the special walls.
fixed some problems with the pivot of the wall_sloping.
Fixed some issues with the scale of some objetc.
The footstep script has been deleted from the package to use the last fpscontroller that have a better one.

Update 1.7

Optimized objects.
Many objects have been optimized in their geometry.
Now, objects like lights and floors that had several elements, are now a single object. What drastically reduces the drawcalls.
Particle systems have been optimized.
An atlas has been created, unifying the texture of floors and panels.

Objects and prefabs.
220 new items have been added.
New ceilings, floors and walls have been added.
New assets like chairs, bunk beds, boxes, tables etc, have been added.
New doors with their animations and sound effects have been added.
New stairs with railing and without it have been added.
Soils, with double height level have been added.
Vertical tunnels with ladder, and their accesses have been added.
A gateway system has been added.
Some objects such as floors and walls have been deepened to avoid gaps.
New arcs have been added.
New screens and consoles have been created.
New holograms have been added.
Colliders have been added for some objects.

Fixed some problems with the pivot of some objects.
Added a new script that allows you to climb vertical stairs.
Problems with the scale of some objects have been detected and fixed.


Updated 1.8

Converted js cripts to c#
Fixed some problems with missings objects
Now the name of the lights emitters have a correect naming.
Fixed problems with some colliders
